It's time for another project.
And in this project I'm going to show you how to create a Twitter bot and this Twitter board is gonna
do a bunch of interesting things that well might help us with Twitter maybe following back people maybe
retweeting something or liking a tweet based on a keyword.
It's gonna be a lot of fun.
Now this section requires us to work with what we call the Twitter API few remember with our discussion
of API.
There are API I's that Web sites provide that gives us data.
There's also ways for us to grab data from a Web site that doesn't have an API using something like
scraping.
And that's something that we talk about in the scraping section of the course.
But then there's also permissive API.
That is well Twitter gives us access to its data but we have to get permission from Twitter to access
that data not just anybody can get it.
So if I go to Twitter API and I click on the link here I actually already have set up an account.
But if you don't have an account your page is going to well look like this and you're going to have
to click on Apply to apply for access.
Now the Twitter API is completely free.
The reason you need to apply is because well they don't want people to do bad things such as create
a board that just post sensitive information maybe does something illegal does some spamming so they
just want to make sure that hey this is legitimately for a good use.
What you can do when you apply is just say this is a personal developer use account make sure you read
the agreement and policy essentially don't be a jerk.
And as long as you're nice and you're just experimenting like we are now and we don't abuse the API
they'll give us access.
Now you can do that or you can just watch me code a Twitter but like I said it doesn't take long.
So you can do this on your own and I do recommend you signing up for the API because it is kind of fun
and cool to build a Twitter bot.
Now once you've created an account you'll have something like this and they've actually recently changed
their UI so it looks a lot more confusing than it needs to be.
But all you need to do is to just click on get started.
They have really really good documentation here that you can actually go to DOCS documentation and read
up on how you can use the API.
But in my case I want to just create an app now in here I've already created a team bot but you can
just click on create an app here you can add an app name some description of what the application does
so you can say for developer use you'll have to provide some sort of web site you around and you just
have to fill out some of this information.
Now I wasn't going to just record me entering this information because that wouldn't be exciting to
you.
So I've created one ahead of time.
Now what we're going to do with this spot is write our own python script and interact with this API
in order for us to do that.
We're going to use something called B which as you can see is an easy to use Python library for accessing
the Twitter API.
So using the T.P. library we're going to be able to interact with this API and well write python scripts.
It's gonna be a ton of fun.
So in the next video we're gonna get started.
I'm going to show you how to build your first Twitter board.
I have a folder here called this ziti and bought with my tweet tweet dot pie file.
So get ready and let's start coding in the next video.